Watching window extension provides you to check value change of 
cells on a spreadsheet. 

== Usage ==
Choose View - Task Pane from the main menu if Task Pane item is not 
shown on your work space. Choose Watching Window section from the task pane 
to open watching window. If you can not find Watching Window section on it, 
click View and select Watching Window check box. 
When you can not see Watching Window menu in the popup menu, 
the extension installation may be broken, re-install it. 

If you calculate and it makes changing the value of the watching cell too
many times, remove the entry from the list or hide the watching window. 
If the watching window is in hidden state, any changes are not checked. 
See Docking the window for the way to hide the window. 

=== Close Watching Window ===
Click x of the top right corner on the task pane. 

=== Un-dock the window ===
Push down Ctrl key and double-click the empty space between Tasks and 
View on the task pane. 
If the task pane window is docked at the side of the Calc window, 
hide and visible button is shown on the separator between workspace 
and the task pane. Click it to change visibility the task panel. 

=== Dock the window ===
Push Ctrl key and double-click the empty space between Tasks and 
View on the task pane. The Task Pane window is docked into the original 
position. 

=== To add new watched cell ===
Select a cell, a cell range or a collection of cell ranges that you 
want to watch its value or formula on the sheet, and then push Add button 
of the Watch Window task panel. 

=== Remove watching cell ===
Choose a entry to watch the cell, click Remove button on the 
Watching Window. 
If you want to remove all watch, click Option and choose Clear 
from the popup menu. 

=== Update All ===
If the watching entry shows apparently different value from the original
cell, click Update All button. For example, the extension does not check
renaming the sheet and you have to update entries after the renaming.
However, the watching cell shows the last automatically collected
value, if any, before you update manually.

=== Move cursor to the watching cell ===
To show the watched cell on the workspace, select a entry from 
the watching list and click Go to Cell button. You can also go to the cell 
using Go to Cell from the popup menu of the grid. More easily, 
double-click on the entry to go to the entry. 

=== Clear watching list ===
To remove all entries from the watching list, click Option button 
and choose Clear from the popup menu. 

== Input line ==
If you check the entry for Input Line in the Options menu, you see 
edit box under the buttons on the Watching Window. You can modify 
the content of the selected entry. Edit the content in the edit box 
and push enter key to apply the new value. 

== Setting ==
Click Option button and choose Settings... and then shows dialog 
to configure Watching window. 

=== Warn if too many cells are going to be added ===
If you try to add some watching cells at a time in a number higher than setting,
the extension ask for confirmation to add them all. Default value is 10. 

=== Show input line ===
If the check box is checked, the Input Line is shown at the starting time. 

=== Store watches ===
If the target office supports RDF on ODS file format, list of watches 
can be stored in the current document.
